# Figures for Publication

## Main Figures
- **Figure 1:** Flow diagram of flow cytometry protocol. This diagram provides a detailed methodological walk-through of the preparation of water samples for VLP enumeration. The entire protocol, including running the entire 96 well plate on the flow cytometer, takes ~3 hours.
- **Figure 2:** Average VLP mL<sup>-1</sup> for FGL, GSL, and WBS using different sample preparation methods. Error bars represent standard deviation values.
- **Figure 3:** Time series results for each sample. Histogram plots show the level of FITC fluorescent emission intensity. Gates that are colored blue are areas that contain viruses. Gates that are colored red are noise areas. VLP concentrations stay consistent throughout the entire experiment over the course of ~2.25 hours.
- **Figure 4:** Average VLP mL<sup>-1</sup> for FGL and GSL using EFM and FCM. EFM counts were obtained from [Bellanger et al., 2023](https://journals.asm.org/doi/10.1128/aem.01744-23). Error bars represent standard deviation values. 


## Supplemental Figures
- **Supplemental Figure 1:** Visual representation of the well plate plan. Well A1 is filled with TE buffer as a blank to determine the machine's base noise level. Twelve wells are filled with nuclease free water to rinse the cytometer and manage noise levels of the machine. Twelve wells are filled with ultrafiltrate that was treated the same as the sample to determine the base noise level of the sample. Eleven wells are filled with a 10% bleach solution to cleanse the machine throughout the run. Sixty wells are filled with the diluted sample. Throughout the well plate, a set of three wells containing 10% bleach, nuclease free water, and ultrafiltrate occur for every five sample wells. This ensures that an overestimation of VLPs are not being counted and the noise levels can be constantly managed.
- **Supplemental Figure 2:** Three distinct viral populations in a sample after treatment with chloroform and benzonase. Populations are identified and gated by looking for clusters of events (shown as dots) in the region of interest. Here, viral populations should have a high fluorescent intensity (FITC-A, X axis) and medium-high side scatter (SSC-A, Y axis). In this plot, only the gates of interest are shown.
- **Supplemental Figure 3:** Untreated WBS sample's VLPs mL<sup>-1</sup> over the course of the well plate's run on the flow cytometer. Time points are plotted for each well in reference to the time elapsed between that well and the first sample well, when T=0 hours, 0 minutes, 0 seconds (00:00:00). Two points of significant degradation can be seen between 1:15:00 and 1:30:00 and between 1:30:00 and 1:45:00.
- **Supplemental Figure 4:** Each sample location's VLP mL<sup>-1</sup> over the course of the well plate's run on the flow cytometer. Samples were treated with chloroform and benzonase. FGL is shown in orange (bottom). GSL is shown in pink (middle). WBS is shown in green (top). Time points are plotted for each well in reference to the time elapsed between that well and the first sample well, when T=0 hours, 0 minutes, 0 seconds (00:00:00).
- **Supplemental Figure 5:** Average VLP mL<sup>-1</sup> at each sample location after chloroform and benzonase treatment. Error bars represent standard deviation values.
